docs(unit296): task 8 - the bookkeeping, and the validator exits 0

PHASE_OUTCOME.md gains unit 296's entry, appended with the file-editing tools in
the format outcome-entry.py produces and saying on its own face that it was
written by hand and why. tools/arbiter/outcome-append.bat was not run and was not
attempted: five executing sessions have now been refused and the instruction says
plainly that the authoring environment and the executing one differ and the
executing one is the refused one. This session met the same class of refusal four
times on ordinary work - sed -i on Directory.Build.props, a heredoc redirected to
/tmp, a python rewrite of PROJECT_STATUS.md, and git stash push - and worked
around each with the file-editing tools. That is a fourth session refused rather
than a fourth measurement of these scripts.

The arguments the script would have been given are committed at
tools/arbiter/unit296-append.bat so the entry can be replayed rather than
reconstructed. Units 288 to 295's entries were not touched, including the two
STATE_AFTER verdicts each carries. The header block at the top of the file was
not touched either - it is a cursor over the entries and this unit's reading of
step 1 belongs in the entry.

STATE_AFTER is done. All four of step 1's exit criteria are met and criteria 1
and 3 are met at a placement Hamlet did not choose, which is what they had never
been. Criterion 2 is unit 289's and is carried, not restated as this unit's.
Criterion 4 was the named drop candidate and was not dropped.

PHASE_STATUS.md's WORK_INSTRUCTION line is set and nothing else. CURRENT_STEP and
the STEP lines are the launcher's and were not written.

output.md is written per CLAUDE_CODE.md section 8. The validator:

  dotnet build tools/arbiter/validate-output.proj
  validate-output exit 0 - VALID, all seven rules passed

  1  a UNIT: line above section 1, parseable            ok
  2  the four top-level sections, in order, exact names ok
  3  no fifth top-level section                         ok
  4  section 4 present even when empty                  ok
  5  section 3 non-empty - 122 non-blank lines          ok
  6  the ordering block above the UNIT: line, with an
     A, a B, a C, and a COUNT of section 4's items      ok
  7  no placeholder token in the header block           ok

It failed once first, on rule 6: the ordering block carried no READ IN THIS ORDER
line and spelled its section 4 count in words where the rule wants a digit. The
block was rewritten and re-run, and the report says so.

Co-Authored-By: Claude Opus 5 (1M context) <noreply@anthropic.com>
